Add SMPP inbound endpoint reference doc (#1561)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-inbound-endpoint-config.md

                        BIND_TRX</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">N/A</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">addressRange</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">A single ESME address or a range of ESME addresses served via this SMPP receiver session.</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">No</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">N/A</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">null</td>
  </tr> 
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">enquireLinktimer</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Used to check whether SMSC is connected or not.</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">No</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">N/A</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">10000</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">transactiontimer</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Time elapsed between SMPP request and the corresponding response.</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">No</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">N/A</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">200</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">reconnectInterval</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">The Initial retry interval to reconnect with the SMSC while SMSC is not available.</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">No</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">N/A</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">3000ms</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">retryCount</td>

>     <td class="tg-0pky">The no of times need to retry to connect with SMSC, while connection with the SMSC is closed. If you want to retry forever, give the retry count value as less than 0.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td class="tg-0pky">The number of times to retry to connect with SMSC, while connection with the SMSC is closed. If you want to retry forever, give the retry count value as less than 0.</td>
```

Author: Updated.
